now a few years ago the undisputed king
of the hot hatch was the Golf GTI and
the idea of a hot see at clique is
really quite amusing the nearest they've
got to sporty was the Ibiza with Porsche
technology if you could call it that and
by reputation for being performance cars
was perfect wasn't very good but not
anymore because ever since PW have taken
over lúcia of completely reinvented
themselves and they're now making cars
that are making people sit up and take
notice
latest of which is the Leon Cupra and
this is set to make way in the calm
waters of the establishment in world not
least is a Golf GTI it will be quite
used to look at the car and dismiss it
for just another small hat the starter's
hot hatches don't have five doors today
and looking round the car
the only real clue that it's a hot hatch
is the Cupra badging and the discrete
side skirts well that is of course it is
not yellow well get this car out on the
open road and you'll soon realize so
this is no ordinary hatchback
now if you're wondering where the name
Cupra came from it's a combination of
the words cup and racing the latter of
which is definitely occurred in the
Leone the 1.8 turbocharged engine puts
our food as an 80 brake horsepower and
the performances on it's quite
breathtaking you'll go from nought to 60
in seven point seven seconds only the
top speed of 142 miles an hour it's a
match for most car
now the biggest only tell half the story
because the flexibility of ATAR is even
more interesting it's enough full thanks
to the turbo in any of the gears to pull
yourself out of a tricky situation you
might find yourself in
now inside as well as out that are many
clues that this is a hot hatch saying
that the cost of the switchgear is
really first rate and it's easy to see
the BW Germanic influence the best
vacation list is pretty impressive -
we've got electric windows central
locking we've got airbags all-round CD
player and climate control and all that
for under 15,000 pounds bad is it
now the handling isn't the sharpest
almost responsive especially if you're
comparing it to the life of the Peugeot
306 GT high but having said that get it
into a bend and the stick in front end
and the traction control I'll make sure
that you don't get yourself into any
situation
so the question I've been asking myself
all day is why part with more cash for
the Golf GTI when the Liana has got so
much to offer
I mean nor is it got the same building I
mean where I come from when it talks at
2,000 pounds